Online Banking. How to make a payment.
It's easy to make a payment with Online Banking.
Firstly, make sure you have
a PINsentry device to hand.
If you don't have a physical PINsentry
and are registered for the Barclays app,
you can use mobile PINsentry
to authenticate your payments.
On the homepage
click on 'Pay'.
Then select the account you want to make
the payment from in the drop down menu.
Next, select who you'd like to make
the payment to an existing payee,
someone new or a company.
If you're paying a company
their details may automatically appear,
just start typing their name.
If you're paying someone new
add the name of the person you're paying
and their account details.
Once you've added all the details, we'll
check them with the recipient's bank.
If the details match, we'll
confirm the details are correct.
If the name doesn't match,
other responses may occur.
You can search 'Confirmation of payee'
on the Barclays website
for more information.
If the details match tap 'Continue'.
Next, enter the amount
of the payment you'd like to make.
Then tell us if you'd like to make
the payment now or at a later date.
Add a payment reference that you'll both
see on your account,
choose the 'Payment purpose'.
Then if you've read the information about
fraud and scams and are happy
tick the box and then click, 'Continue.'
Check the details of the payment
to correct and scroll down.
You'll now need a PINsentry device.
Make sure you have the correct card
that ends with the 4-digits that you
will find displayed here on your page.
Insert it into a PINsentry device.
Press 'RESPOND',
then type your card PIN into the PINsentry
device and press 'ENTER'.
Enter the 8-digit challenge number
displayed on your computer screen here
into your PINsentry device
and press 'ENTER'.
You'll then receive an 8-digit
code on your PINsentry device.
Enter this 8-digit code
into the window here, click on 'Confirm',
and your payment will be made
with your receipt displayed here.
And there you go.